# Workshop# Create Custom Data Structures### OverviewIn this workshop we will create our own custom data structures – a custom list and a custom stack. The custom list will have similar functionality to C# lists that you've used before. Our custom list will work only with integers for now, but this will be fixed later in the course. It will have the following functionality: - void Add(int element) - Adds the given element to the end of the list- int RemoveAt(int index) - Removes the element at the given index- bool Contains(int element) - Checks if the list contains the given element returns (True or False)- void Swap(int firstIndex, int secondIndex) - Swaps the elements at the given indexesFeel free to implement your own functionality or to write the methods by yourself. The custom stack will also have similar functionality to the C# stack and again, we will make it work only with integers. Later on, we will learn how to implement it in a way that will allow us to work with any types. It will have the following functionality:- void Push(int element) – Adds the given element to the stack- int Pop() – Removes the last added element- int Peek() – Returns the last element in the stack without removing it- void ForEach(Action<int> action) – Goes through each of the elements in the stackFeel free to implement your own functionality or to write the methods by yourself.### 1. Implement the CustomList class##### Details about the structureFirst of all, we must make it clear how our structure should work under the provided public functionality.- It should hold a sequence of items in an array. - The structure should have capacity that grows twice when it is filled, always starting at 2. The CustomList class should have the properties listed below:- int[] items - An array which will hold all of our elements- int Count – This property will return the count of items in the collection- indexer – The Indexer will provide us with functionality to access the elements using integer indexesThe structure will have internal methods to make the managing of the internal collection easier.- Resize – this method will be used to increase the internal collection's length twice- Shrink – this method will help us to decrease the internal collection's length twice - Shift – this method will help us to rearrange the internal collection's elements after removing one.### 2. Implement the CustomStack class##### Details about the structureThe implementation of a custom stack is much easier, mostly because you can only execute actions over the last index of the collection, plus you can iterate through the collection. You should be able to create it entirely on your own. The first thing you can do is have a clear vision of how you want your structure to work under the provided public functionality. For example:- It should hold a sequence of items in an array. - The structure should have a capacity that grows twice when it is filled, always starting at 4. The CustomStack class should have the properties listed below:- int[] items - An array, which will hold all of our elements.- int Count – This property will return the count of items in the collection.- const int InitialCapacity – this constant's value will be the initial capacity of the internal array.