# Lab: Stacks and QueuesProblems for exercises and homework for the  [&quot;CSharp Advanced&quot; course @ Software University](https://softuni.bg/courses/csharp-advanced).#**01.Reverse Strings**Write program that:- Reads an input string- Reverses it using a Stack<T>- Prints the result back at the terminal#**02.Stack Sum**Write program that:- Reads an input of integer numbers and adds them to a stack- Reads commands until "end" is received- Prints the sum of the remaining elements of the stack#**03.Simple Calculator**Create a simple calculator that can evaluate simple expressions with only addition and subtraction. There will not be any parentheses.Solve the problem using a Stack.#**04.Matching Brackets**We are given an arithmetic expression with brackets. Scan through the string and extract each sub-expression.Print the result back at the terminal.#**05.Print Even Numbers**Write program that:- Reads an array of integers and adds them to a queue- Prints the even numbers separated by ", "#**06.Supermarket**Reads an input consisting of a name and adds it to a queue until "End" is received. If you receive "Paid", print every customer name and empty the queue, otherwise we receive a client and we have to add him to the queue. When we receive "End" we have to print the count of the remaining people in the queue in the format: "{count} people remaining.".#**07.Hot Potato**Hot potato is a game in which children form a circle and start passing a hot potato. The counting starts with the fist kid. Every nth toss the child left with the potato leaves the game. When a kid leaves the game, it passes the potato along. This continues until there is only one kid left.Create a program that simulates the game of Hot Potato.  Print every kid that is removed from the circle. In the end, print the kid that is left last.#**08.Traffic Jam**Create a program that simulates the queue that forms during a traffic jam. During a traffic jam only N cars can pass the crossroads when the light goes green. Then the program reads the vehicles that arrive one by one and adds them to the queue. When the light goes green N number of cars pass the crossroads and for each a message "{car} passed!" is displayed. When the "end" command is given, terminate the program and display a message with the total number of cars that passed the crossroads.to the cup's current value, you fill up the cup and the remaining water becomes wasted. You should keep track of the wasted litters of water and print it at the end of the program. If you have managed to fill up all of the cups, print the remaining water bottles, from the last entered – to the first, otherwise you must print the remaining cups, by order of entrance – from the first entered – to the last. 