# Lab: Defining Classes - LabProblems for exercises and homework for the  [&quot;CSharp Advanced&quot; course @ Software University](https://softuni.bg/courses/csharp-advanced).#**01.Car**NOTE: You need a StartUp class with the namespace CarManufacturer.Create a class named Car. The class should have private fields for:- make: string- model: string- year: intThe class should also have public properties for:- Make: string- Model: string- Year: int#**02.Car Extension**NOTE: You need a StartUp class with the namespace CarManufacturer.Create a class Car (you can use the class from the previous task)The class should have private fields for:- make: string- model: string- year: int- fuelQuantity: double- fuelConsumption: doubleThe class should also have properties for:- Make: string- Model: string- Year: int- FuelQuantity: double- FuelConsumption: doubleThe class should also have methods for:- Drive(double distance): void – this method checks if the car fuel quantity minus the distance multiplied by the car fuel consumption is bigger than zero. If it is remove from the fuel quantity the result of the multiplication between the distance and the fuel consumption. Otherwise write on the console the following message:  "Not enough fuel to perform this trip!"- WhoAmI(): string – returns the following message: "Make: {this.Make}\nModel: {this.Model}\nYear: {this.Year}\nFuel: {this.FuelQuantity:F2}L"#**03.Car Constructors**Using the class from the previous problem create one parameterless constructor with default values:- Make – VW- Model – Golf- Year – 2025- FuelQuantity – 200- FuelConsumption – 10Create a second constructor accepting make, model and year upon initialization and calls the base constructor with its default values for fuelQuantity and fuelConsumption.Create a third constructor accepting make, model, year, fuelQuantity and fuelConsumption upon initialization and reuses the second constructor to set the make, model and year values.Go to StartUp.cs file and make 3 different instances of the Class Car, using the different overloads of the constructor.#**04.Car Engine and Tires**Using the Car class, you already created, define another class Engine.The class should have private fields for:- horsePower: int- cubicCapacity: doubleThe class should also have properties for:- HorsePower: int- CubicCapacity: doubleThe class should also have a constructor, which accepts horsepower and cubicCapacity.Now create a class Tire.The class should have private fields for:- year: int- pressure: doubleThe class should also have properties for:- Year: int- Pressure: doubleThe class should also have a constructor, which accepts year and pressure.Finally, go to the Car class and create private fields and public properties for Engine and Tire[].Create another constructor, which accepts make, model, year, fuelQuantity, fuelConsumption, Engine and Tire[].#**05.Filter by Age**Write a program that receives an integer N on first line. On the next N lines, read pairs of "[name], [age]". Then read three lines with:- Condition - "younger" or "older"- Age - Integer- Format - "name", "age" or "name age"Depending on the condition, print the correct pairs in the correct format. Don’t use the built-in functionality from .NET. Create your own methods.