# Exercises: Stacks and QueuesProblems for exercises and homework for the  [&quot;CSharp Advanced&quot; course @ Software University](https://softuni.bg/courses/csharp-advanced).#**01.Basic Stack Operations**Play around with a stack. You will be given an integer N representing the number of elements to push into the stack, an integer S representing the number of elements to pop from the stack and finally an integer X, an element that you should look for in the stack. If it’s found, print “true” on the console. If it isn’t, print the smallest element currently present in the stack.#**02.Basic Queue Operations**Play around with a queue. You will be given an integer N representing the number of elements to enqueue (add), an integer S representing the number of elements to dequeue (remove) from the queue and finally an integer X, an element that you should look for in the queue. If it is, print true on the console. If it’s not print the smallest element currently present in the queue. If there are no elements in the sequence, print 0 on the console.#**03.Maximum and Minimum Element**You have an empty sequence, and you will be given N queries. Each query is one of these three types:1 x – Push the element x into the stack.2 – Delete the element present at the top of the stack.3 – Print the maximum element in the stack.4 – Print the minimum element in the stack.After you go through all of the queries, print the stack in the following format:"{n}, {n1}, {n2} …, {nn}"#**04.Fast Food**You have a fast food restaurant and most of the food that you're offering is previously prepared.  You need to know if you will have enough food to serve lunch to all of your customers. Write a program that checks the orders’ quantity. You also want to know the client with the biggest order for the day, because you want to give him a discount the next time he comes. First, you will be given the quantity of the food that you have for the day (an integer number).  Next, you will be given a sequence of integers, each representing the quantity of an order. Keep the orders in a queue. Find the biggest order and print it. You will begin servicing your clients from the first one that came. Before each order, check if you have enough food left to complete it. If you have, remove the order from the queue and reduce the amount of food you have. If you succeeded in servicing all of your clients, print: "Orders complete". If not, print:"Orders left: {order1} {order2} .... {orderN}".#**05.Fashion Boutique**You own a fashion boutique and you receive a delivery once a month in a huge box, which is full of clothes.  You have to arrange them in your store, so you take the box and start from the last piece of clothing on the top of the pile to the first one at the bottom. Use a stack for the purpose. Each piece of clothing has its value (an integer). You have to sum their values, while you take them out of the box. You will be given an integer representing the capacity of a rack. While the sum of the clothes is less than the capacity, keep summing them.  If the sum becomes equal to the capacity you have to take a new rack for the next clothes, if there are any left in the box. If it becomes greater than the capacity, don't add the piece of clothing to the current rack and take a new one. In the end, print how many racks you have used to hang all of the clothes.#**06.Auto Repair and Service**Winter is coming. All vehicles must prepare for it by changing their tires and other necessary procedures. It's a very busy time of the year for all of the auto services and they need help with the organization of their work. Write a program that keeps track of the vehicles. The first vehicle that arrives for service, should be the first that gets served. After a vehicle gets served it leaves the auto service, but the workers also keep track of the served vehicles.  If a client calls and asks for his vehicle, you should look for it and tell the client if it already has gotten served. You will be given a sequence of car models, separated by a single space. After that you will be given a few commands until you receive the command "End". The commands are - "Service", "CarInfo-{modelName}" and "History".  If you receive the command "Service", you should serve the first received vehicle and afterwards print: "Vehicle {vehicleName} got served." and delete it from the awaiting vehicles. If you receive the command "CarInfo", check if the car is waiting for service.  If it is – print:  "Still waiting for service." and if not, print "Served." If you receive the command "History", print the served vehicles starting from the last served to the first. After the End command, first print the waiting (if there are any left) and then the served vehicles in the following format:"Vehicles for service: {modelName}, {modelName}, …, {modelName}""Served vehicles: {modelName}, {modelName}, …, {modelName}"#**07.Truck Tour**Suppose there is a circle. There are N petrol pumps on that circle. Petrol pumps are numbered 0 to (N−1) (both inclusive). You have two pieces of information corresponding to each of the petrol pump: (1) the amount of petrol that particular petrol pump will give, and (2) the distance from that petrol pump to the next petrol pump.Initially, you have a tank of infinite capacity carrying no petrol. You can start the tour at any of the petrol pumps. Calculate the first point from where the truck will be able to complete the circle. Consider that the truck will stop at each of the petrol pumps. The truck will move one kilometer for each liter of the petrol.#**08.Balanced Parentheses**Given a sequence consisting of parentheses, determine whether the expression is balanced. A sequence of parentheses is balanced if every open parenthesis can be paired uniquely with a closed parenthesis that occurs after the former. Also, the interval between them must be balanced. You will be given three types of parentheses: (, {, and [.{[()]} - This is a balanced parenthesis.{[(])} - This is not a balanced parenthesis.#**09.Simple Text Editor**You are given an empty text. Your task is to implement 4 commands related to manipulating the text1 someString - appends someString to the end of the text2 count - erases the last count elements from the text3 index - returns the element at position index from the text4 - undoes the last not undone command of type 1 / 2 and returns the text to the state before that operation#**10.Crossroads**Our favorite super-spy action hero Sam is back from his mission in the previous exam, and he has finally found some time to go on a holiday. He is taking his wife somewhere nice and they’re going to have a really good time, but first, they have to get there. Even on his holiday trip, Sam is still going to run into some problems and the first one is, of course, getting to the airport. Right now, he is stuck in a traffic jam at a very active crossroads where a lot of accidents happen.Your job is to keep track of traffic at the crossroads and report whether a crash happened or everyone passed the crossroads safely and our hero is one step closer to a much desired vacation.The road Sam is on has a single lane where cars queue up until the light goes green. When it does, they start passing one by one during the green light and the free window before the intersecting road’s light goes green. During one second only one part of a car (a single character) passes the crossroads. If a car is still in the crossroads when the free window ends, it will get hit at the first character that is still in the crossroads.#**11.Key Revolver**Our favorite super-spy action hero Sam is back from his mission in another exam, and this time he has an even more difficult task. He needs to unlock a safe. The problem is that the safe is locked by several locks in a row, which all have varying sizes.Our hero posesses a special weapon though, called the Key Revolver, with special bullets. Each bullet can unlock a lock with a size equal to or larger than the size of the bullet. The bullet goes into the keyhole, then explodes, completely destroying it. Sam doesn’t know the size of the locks, so he needs to just shoot at all of them, until the safe runs out of locks.What’s behind the safe, you ask? Well, intelligence! It is told that Sam’s sworn enemy – Nikoladze, keeps his top secret Georgian Chacha Brandy recipe inside. It’s valued differently across different times of the year, so Sam’s boss will tell him what it’s worth over the radio. One last thing, every bullet Sam fires will also cost him money, which will be deducted from his pay from the price of the intelligence. Good luck, operative.#**12.Cups and Bottles**You will be given a sequence of integers – each indicating a cup's capacity. After that you will be given another sequence of integers – a bottle with water in it. Your job is to try to fill up all of the cups.Filling is done by picking exactly one bottle at a time. You must start picking from the last received bottle and start filling from the first entered cup. If the current bottle has N water, you give the first entered cup N water and reduce its integer value by N.When a cup's integer value reaches 0 or less, it gets removed. It is possible that the current cup's value is greater than the current bottle's value. In that case you pick bottles until you reduce the cup's integer value to 0 or less. If a bottle's value is greater or equal to the cup's current value, you fill up the cup and the remaining water becomes wasted. You should keep track of the wasted litters of water and print it at the end of the program. If you have managed to fill up all of the cups, print the remaining water bottles, from the last entered – to the first, otherwise you must print the remaining cups, by order of entrance – from the first entered – to the last. 