# Exercises: GenericsProblems for exercises and homework for the  [&quot;CSharp Advanced&quot; course @ Software University](https://softuni.bg/courses/csharp-advanced).#**01.Generic Box of String**Create a generic class Box that can be initialized with any type and store the value. Override the ToString() method and print the type and stored value in format:"{class full name: value}"On the first line, you will get n - the number of strings to read from the console. On the next n lines, you will get the actual strings. For each of them, create a box and call its ToString() method to print its data on the console.#**02.Generic Box of Integer**Use the description of the previous problem but now, test your generic box with Integers.#**03.Generic Swap Method Strings**Create a generic method that receives a list, containing any type of data and swaps the elements at two given indexes. As in the previous problems, read n number of boxes of type string and add them to the list. On the next line, however, you will receive a swap command consisting of two indexes. Use the method you've created to swap the elements that correspond to the given indexes and print each element in the list.#**04.Generic Swap Method Integers**Use the description of the previous problem, but now, test your list of generic boxes with integers.#**05.Generic Count Method Strings**Create a method that receives as an argument a list of any type, that can be compared and an element of the given type. The method should return the count of elements that are greater than the value of the given element. Modify your Box class to support comparison by value of the stored data. On the first line, you will receive n - the number of elements to add to the list. On the next n lines, you will receive the actual elements. On the last line, you will get the value of the element to which you need to compare every element in the list.#**06.Generic Count Method Doubles**Use the description of the previous problem, but now, test your list of generic boxes with doubles.#**07. Tuple**A  HYPERLINK "https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.tuple(v=vs.110).aspx" Tuple is a class in C#, in which you can store a few objects. First, we are going to focus on the type of Tuple, which contains two objects. The first one is "item1" and the second one is "item2". It is kind of like a KeyValuePair, except – it simply has items, which are neither key nor value. Your task is to create a class "Tuple", which holds two objects. The first one, will be "item1" and the second one – "item2". The tricky part here is to make the class hold generics. This means, that when you create a new object of class – "Tuple", there should be a way to explicitly, specify both the items' type separately.#**08.Threeuple**Create a Class Threeuple. Its name is telling us, that it will hold no longer, just a pair of objects. The task is simple, our Threeuple should hold three objects. Make it have getters and setters. You can even extend the previous class