# Working with Abstraction: LabProblems for exercises and homework for the  [&quot;C# OOP" course @ SoftUni".](https://softuni.bg/opencourses/csharp-oop).#**01.Rhombus of Stars**Create a program that reads a positive integer n as input and prints on the console a rhombus with size n.#**02.Point in Rectangle**Create a class Point and a class Rectangle. The Point should hold coordinates X and Y and the Rectangle should hold 2 Points – its top left and bottom right corners. In the Rectangle class, you should implement a Contains(Point point) method that returns true or false, based on whether the Point given as attribute is inside or outside of the Rectangle object. Points on the side of a Square are considered inside.#**03.Student System**You are given a working project for a small Student System, but the code is very poorly organized. Break up the code logically into smaller functional units – methods and classes and don’t break the functionality.The program supports the following commands:- "Create {studentName} {studentAge} {studentGrade}" – creates a new student and adds them to the repository.- "Show {studentName}" – prints on the console information about a student in the format:"{studentName} is {studentAge} years old. {commentary}", where the commentary is based on the student’s grade.- "Exit" – closes the program.Following the next rules will help you to easily solve the problem:- You should have only one class in only one file!- You should remove any unnecessary data (usings, fields, properties, constants, etc.)!- You can use auto-properties if you don’t have any validation or encapsulation inside this property!- Most collections used inside the class should not be exposed to public because of its vulnerability!- You should break the code into smaller units (methods with appropriate return type)!- You should be consistent with the naming and the ordering of the elements of the class!Do not add any extra validation or functionality to the app!#**04.Hotel Reservation**Create a static class PriceCalculator that calculates the total price of a holiday, given the price per day, number of days, the season and a discount type. The discount type and season should be enums.You can create a static class holding only one static method inside. In order to get the necessary data for the calculations inside the class, you can pass the data as an arguments to the static method. You are free to implement any calculation logic inside the method on the condition that your output is correct.Use your Main() method to read the input and print on the console, but use the static GetTotalPrice() method in our static class PriceCalculator in order to calculate the total price of the holiday.The price per day will be multiplied depending on the season by:- 1 during Autumn- 2 during Spring- 3 during Winter- 4 during SummerThe discount is applied to the total price and is one of the following:- 20% for VIP clients- 10% for clients, visiting for a second time- 0% if there is no discount