# Exercises: Functional ProgrammingProblems for exercises and homework for the  [&quot;CSharp Advanced&quot; course @ Software University](https://softuni.bg/courses/csharp-advanced).#**01. Action Print**Write a program that reads a collection of strings from the console and then prints them onto the console. Each name should be printed on a new line. Use Action<T>.#**02. Knights of Honor**Write a program that reads a collection of names as strings from the console, appends "Sir" in front of every name and prints it back on the console. Use Action<T>.#**03. Custom Min Function**Write a simple program that reads from the console a set of integers and prints back on the console the smallest number from the collection. Use Func<T, T>.#**04. Find Evens or Odds**You are given a lower and an upper bound for a range of integer numbers. Then a command specifies if you need to list all even or odd numbers in the given range. Use Predicate<T>.#**05. Applied Arithmetics**Write a program that executes some mathematical operations on a given collection. On the first line you are given a list of numbers. On the next lines you are passed different commands that you need to apply to all the numbers in the list:- "add" -> add 1 to each number- "multiply" -> multiply each number by 2- "subtract" -> subtract 1 from each number- "print" -> print the collection- "end" -> ends the input Use functions.#**06. Reverse And Exclude**Write a program that reverses a collection and removes elements that are divisible by a given integer n. Use predicates/functions.#**07. Predicate For Names**Write a program that filters a list of names according to their length. On the first line, you will be given an integer n, representing a name's length. On the second line, you will be given some names as strings separated by space. Write a function that prints only the names whose length is less than or equal to n.#**08. Custom Comparator**Write a custom comparator that sorts all even numbers before all the odd ones in ascending order. Pass it to Array.Sort() function and print the result. Use functions.#**09. List Of Predicates**Find all numbers in the range 1...N that are divisible by the numbers of a given sequence. On the first line, you will be given an integer N – which is the end of the range. On the second line, you will be given a sequence of integers which are the dividers. Use predicates/functions.#**10. Predicate Party!**Ivancho’s parents are on a vacation for the holidays and he is planning an epic party at home. Unfortunately, his organizational skills are next to non-existent, so you are given the task to help him with the reservations.On the first line, you receive a list with all the people that are coming. On the next lines, until you get the "Party!" command, you may be asked to double or remove all the people that apply to a given criteria. There are three different criteria: - Everyone that has his name starting with a given string- Everyone that has a name ending with a given string- Everyone that has a name with a given length.Finally, print all the guests who are going to the party separated by ", " and then add the ending "are going to the party!". If there are no guests going to the party print "Nobody is going to the party!". #**11. The Party Reservation Filter Module**You need to implement a filtering module to a party reservation software. First, to the Party Reservation Filter Module (PRFM for short) is passed a list with invitations. Next the PRFM receives a sequence of commands that specify whether you need to add or remove a given filter.Each PRFM command is in the given format:"{command;filter type;filter parameter}"You can receive the following PRFM commands: - "Add filter"- "Remove filter"- "Print" The possible PRFM filter types are: - "Starts with"- "Ends with"- "Length"- "Contains"All PRFM filter parameters will be a string (or an integer only for the "Length" filter). Each command will be valid e.g. you won’t be asked to remove a non-existent filter. The input will end with a "Print" command, after which you should print all the party-goers that are left after the filtration. #**12. TriFunction**Write a program that traverses a collection of names and returns the first name, whose sum of characters is equal to or larger than a given number N, which will be given on the first line. Use a function that accepts another function as one of its parameters. Start off by building a regular function to hold the basic logic of the program. Something along the lines of Func<string, int, bool>. Afterwards create your main function which should accept the first function as one of its parameters.