# Lab: Multidimensional ArraysProblems for exercises and homework for the  [&quot;CSharp Advanced&quot; course @ Software University](https://softuni.bg/courses/csharp-advanced).#**01.Sum Matrix Elements**Write program that reads a matrix from the console and print:- Count of rows- Count of columns- Sum of all matrix elementsOn first line you will get matrix sizes in format [rows, columns]#**02.Sum Matrix Columns**Write program that read a matrix from console and print the sum for each column. On first line you will get matrix rows. On the next rows lines, you will get elements for each column separated with a space. #**03.Primary Diagonal**Write a program that finds the sum of matrix primary diagonal.#**04.Symbol in Matrix**Write a program that reads N, number representing rows and cols of a matrix. On the next N lines, you will receive rows of the matrix. Each row consists of ASCII characters. After that, you will receive a symbol. Find the first occurrence of that symbol in the matrix and print its position in the format: "({row}, {col})". If there is no such symbol print an error message "{symbol} does not occur in the matrix "#**05.Square with Maximum Sum**Write a program that read a matrix from console. Then find biggest sum of 2x2 submatrix and print it to console.On first line you will get matrix sizes in format rows, columns.One next rows lines you will get elements for each column separated with coma.Print biggest top-left square, which you find and sum of its elements.#**06.Jagged-Array Modification**Write a program that reads a matrix from the console. On the first line you will get matrix rows. On next rows lines you will get elements for each column separated with space. You will be receiving commands in the following format:Add {row} {col} {value} – Increase the number at the given coordinates with the value.Subtract {row} {col} {value} – Decrease the number at the given coordinates by the value.Coordinates might be invalid. In this case you should print "Invalid coordinates". When you receive "END" you should print the matrix and stop the program.#**07.Pascal Triangle**The triangle may be constructed in the following manner: In row 0 (the topmost row), there is a unique nonzero entry 1. Each entry of each subsequent row is constructed by adding the number above and to the left with the number above and to the right, treating blank entries as 0. For example, the initial number in the first (or any other) row is 1 (the sum of 0 and 1), whereas the numbers 1 and 3 in the third row are added to produce the number 4 in the fourth row.If you want more info about it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal's_trianglePrint each row elements separated with whitespace.