# Working with Abstraction: ExerciseProblems for exercises and homework for the  [&quot;C# OOP" course @ SoftUni".](https://softuni.bg/opencourses/csharp-oop).#**01.Raw data**Write a program that tracks cars and their cargo. Define a class Car that holds an information about model, engine, cargo and a collection of exactly 4 tires. The engine, cargo and tire should be separate classes. Create a constructor that receives all of the information about the Car and creates and initializes its inner components (engine, cargo and tires).#**02.Car Salesman**You are given the problem and the solution of this task. Refactor it by reusing the base constructors in the classes.Define two classes Car and Engine. Car has the following properties:- Model- Engine- Weight - ColorEngine has the following properties:- Model- Power- Displacement- EfficiencyA Car's weight and color and its Engine's displacement and efficiency are optional. On the first line, you will read a number N, which will specify how many lines of engines you will receive. On each of the next N lines, you will receive information about an Engine in the following format: "{model} {power} {displacement} {efficiency}"After the lines with engines, you will receive a number M. On each of the next M lines, an information about a Car will follow in the format: "{model} {engine} {weight} {color}" The engine will be the model of an existing Engine. When creating the object for a Car, you should keep a reference to the real engine in it, instead of just the engine's model. Note: that the optional properties might be missing from the formats.Your task is to print all the cars in the order they were received and their information in the format defined bellow. If any of the optional fields are missing, print "n/a" in its place:{CarModel}:  {EngineModel}:    Power: {EnginePower}    Displacement: {EngineDisplacement}    Efficiency: {EngineEfficiency}  Weight: {CarWeight}  Color: {CarColor}#**03.Jedi Galaxy**Rework the following solutions in order to avoid repeating code, increase readability and improve performance.Ivo's galaxy is represented as a two-dimensional array. You will receive two integers, separated by a space, which represent the two dimensional array - the first being the rows and the second being the columns. Every cell in the matrix is a star that has a value. Ivo starts at the given row and col. He can move only on the diagonal from the lowest left to the upper right, and adds to his score all the stars (values) from the cells he passes through. Unfortunately, there is always an Evil power that tries to prevent his success. Evil power starts at the given row and col and instantly destroys all stars on the opposite diagonal - from lowest right to the upper left. Ivo adds the values only of the stars that are not destroyed by the evil power.   #**04.Hospital**Your task will be to prepare an electronic register for a hospital. In the hospital we have different departments:- Cardiology- Oncology- Emergency department- etc. Each department has 20 rooms for patients and each room has 3 beds. When a new patient goes in the hospital, he/she is placed on the first free bed in the department. If there are no free beds, the patient should go in another hospital. Of course, in every hospital there are doctors. Each doctor can have patients in a different department. You will receive an information about the patients in the format {Department} {Doctor} {Patient}After the "Output" command, you will receive some other commands about what kind of output you need to print. The commands are: - {Department} - You need to print all patients in this department in the order of receiving.- {Department} {Room} - You need to print all patients in this room in alphabetical order.- {Doctor} - You need to print all patients for this doctor in alphabetical order.The program ends when you receive command "End".#**03.Greedy Times**Finally, you have unlocked the safe and reached the treasure! Inside there are all kinds of gems, cash in different currencies and gold bullions. Next to you there is a bag which unfortunately has a limited space. You don't have much time so you need to take as much wealth as possible! But in order to get a bigger amount of the most valuable items, you need to keep the following rules:- The gold amount in your bag should always be more than or equal to the gem amount at any time- The gem amount should always be more than or equal to the cash amount at any timeIf you read an item which breaks one of these rules you should not put it in the bag. You should always be careful not to exceed the overall bag's capacity, because it will tear down and you will lose everything! You will receive the content of the safe on a single line in the format of item - quantity pairs, separated by whitespace. You need to gather only three types of items:- Cash - All three letter items - Gem - All items which end on "Gem" (at least 4 symbols)- Gold - this type has only one item with the name - "Gold"Each item which does not fall in one of the above categories is useless and you should skip it. Reading item's names should be CASE-INSENSITIVE. You should aggregate item's quantities which have the same name.If you've kept the rules you should escape successfully with a bag full of wealth. Now it's time to review what you have managed to get out of the safe. Print all the types ordered by total amount in descending order. Inside a type, order the items first alphabetically in descending order and then by their amount in ascending order. Use the following format for each type:"<{type}> ${total amount}""##{item} - {amount}" - each item from this type on new line#**03.Sneaking**After our hero Sam got the recipe from the first problem, there is another thing he needs to check off from his to-do list. In order to make the recipe even more valuable, he needs to "eliminate" anyone who possesses the knowledge of it. That person is Sam's sworn enemy - Nikoladze. Sam needs to get through a rectangular room of patrolling enemies until he finally reaches Nikoladze.