# Exercises: Defining ClassesProblems for exercises and homework for the  [&quot;CSharp Advanced&quot; course @ Software University](https://softuni.bg/courses/csharp-advanced).#**01. Define a Class Person**NOTE: You need a StartUp class with the namespace DefiningClasses.Define a class Person with private fields for name and age and public properties Name and Age.#**02. Creating Constructors**NOTE: You need a StartUp class with the namespace DefiningClasses.Add 3 constructors to the Person class from the last task. Use constructor chaining to reuse code:- The first should take no arguments and produce a person with name "No name" and age = 1. - The second should accept only an integer number for the age and produce a person with name "No name" and age equal to the passed parameter.- The third one should accept a string for the name and an integer for the age and should produce a person with the given name and age.#**03. Oldest Family Member**Use your Person class from the previous tasks. Create a class Family. The class should have a list of people, a method for adding members - void AddMember(Person member) and a method returning the oldest family member – Person GetOldestMember(). Write a program that reads the names and ages of N people and adds them to the family. Then print the name and age of the oldest member.#**04. Opinion Poll**Using the Person class, write a program that reads from the console N lines of personal information and then prints all people, whose age is more than 30 years, sorted in alphabetical order.#**05. Date Modifier**Create a class DateModifier, which stores the difference of the days between two dates. It should have a method which takes two string parameters representing a date as strings and calculates the difference in the days between them. #**06. Speed Racing**Write a program that keeps track of cars and their fuel and supports methods for moving the cars. Define a class Car. Each Car has the following properties:- string Model- double FuelAmount- double FuelConsumptionPerKilometer- double Travelled distanceA car’s model is unique - there will never be 2 cars with the same model. On the first line of the input, you will receive a number N – the number of cars you need to track. On each of the next N lines, you will receive information about a car in the following format: "{model} {fuelAmount} {fuelConsumptionFor1km}"All cars start at 0 kilometers traveled. After the N lines, until the command "End" is received, you will receive commands in the following format: "Drive {carModel} {amountOfKm}"Implement a method in the Car class to calculate whether or not a car can move that distance. If it can, the car’s fuel amount should be reduced by the amount of used fuel and its traveled distance should be increased by the number of the traveled kilometers. Otherwise, the car should not move (its fuel amount and the traveled distance should stay the same) and you should print on the console:"Insufficient fuel for the drive"After the "End" command is received, print each car and its current fuel amount and the traveled distance in the format: "{model} {fuelAmount} {distanceTraveled}"Print the fuel amount formatted two digits after the decimal separator.#**07. Raw Data**Write a program that tracks cars and their cargo. Define a class Car that holds an information about model, engine, cargo and a collection of exactly 4 tires. The engine, cargo and tire should be separate classes. Create a constructor that receives all of the information about the Car and creates and initializes its inner components (engine, cargo and tires).On the first line of input, you will receive a number N - the number of cars you have. On each of the next N lines, you will receive an information about each car in the format:"{model} {engineSpeed} {enginePower} {cargoWeight} {cargoType} {tire1Pressure} {tire1Age} {tire2Pressure} {tire2Age} {tire3Pressure} {tire3Age} {tire4Pressure} {tire4Age}"The speed, power, weight and tire age are integers and tire pressure is a double. After the N lines, you will receive a single line with one of the following commands: - "fragile" - print all cars whose cargo is "fragile" with a tire, whose pressure is  < 1- "flamable" - print all of the cars, whose cargo is "flamable" and have engine power > 250The cars should be printed in order of appearing in the input.#**08. Car Salesman**Define two classes Car and Engine. Car has the following properties:- Model- Engine- Weight - ColorEngine has the following properties:- Model- Power- Displacement- EfficiencyA Car’s weight and color and its Engine’s displacement and efficiency are optional. On the first line, you will read a number N, which will specify how many lines of engines you will receive. On each of the next N lines, you will receive information about an Engine in the following format: "{model} {power} {displacement} {efficiency}"After the lines with engines, you will receive a number M. On each of the next M lines, an information about a Car will follow in the format: "{model} {engine} {weight} {color}" The engine will be the model of an existing Engine. When creating the object for a Car, you should keep a reference to the real engine in it, instead of just the engine’s model. Note that the optional properties might be missing from the formats.Your task is to print all the cars in the order they were received and their information in the format defined bellow. If any of the optional fields is missing, print "n/a" in its place:{CarModel}:  {EngineModel}:    Power: {EnginePower}    Displacement: {EngineDisplacement}    Efficiency: {EngineEfficiency}  Weight: {CarWeight}  Color: {CarColor}#**09. Pokemon Trainer**Define a class Trainer and a class Pokemon. Trainers have:- Name- Number of badges- A collection of pokemonPokemon have:- Name- Element- HealthAll values are mandatory. Every Trainer starts with 0 badges.You will be receiving lines until you receive the command "Tournament". Each line will carry information about a pokemon and the trainer who caught it in the format:"{trainerName} {pokemonName} {pokemonElement} {pokemonHealth}"TrainerName is the name of the Trainer who caught the pokemon. Trainers’ names are unique.After receiving the command "Tournament", you will start receiving commands until the "End" command is received. They can contain one of the following:- "Fire"- "Water"- "Electricity"For every command you must check if a trainer has at least 1 pokemon with the given element. If he does, he receives 1 badge. Otherwise, all of his pokemon lose 10 health. If a pokemon falls to 0 or less health, he dies and must be deleted from the trainer’s collection. In the end, you should print all of the trainers, sorted by the amount of badges they have in descending order (if two trainers have the same amount of badges, they should be sorted by order of appearance in the input) in the format: "{trainerName} {badges} {numberOfPokemon}"#**10. SoftUni Parking**Your task is to create a repository, which stores cars by creating the classes described below.First, write a C# class Car with the following properties:- Make: string- Model: string- HorsePower: int- RegistrationNumber: stringThe class' constructor should receive make, model, horsePower and registrationNumber and override the ToString() method in the following format:"Make: {make}""Model: {model}""HorsePower: {horse power}""RegistrationNumber: {registration number}"Write a C# class Parking that has Cars (a collection which stores the entity Car). All entities inside the class have the same properties.The class' constructor should initialize the Cars with a new instance of the collection and accept capacity as a parameter. Implement the following fields:- Field cars –  a collection that holds added cars.- Field capacity – accessed only by the base class (responsible for the parking capacity).Implement the following methods:AddCar(Car car)The method first checks if there is already a car with the provided car registration number and if there is, the method returns the following message:"Car with that registration number, already exists!"Next checks if the count of the cars in the parking is more than the capacity and if it is returns the following message:"Parking is full!"Finally if nothing from the previous conditions is true it just adds the current car to the cars in the parking and returns the message:"Successfully added new car {Make} {RegistrationNumber}"RemoveCar(string registrationNumber)Removes a car with the given registration number. If the provided registration number does not exist returns the message: "Car with that registration number, doesn't exist!"Otherwise, removes the car and returns the message:"Successfully removed {registrationNumber}"GetCar(string registrationNumber)Returns the Car with the provided registration number.RemoveSetOfRegistrationNumber(List<string> registrationNumbers)A void method, which removes all cars that have the provided registration numbers. Each car is removed only if the registration number exists.And the following property:- Count - Returns the number of stored cars.